Update readme (#1180)
flame-engine/flame: README.md

</p>

<p align="center">

> The Flutter game engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Flutter based game engine.
```

Reviewer: I think it is too much :P

Author: Obviously not having it in caps, but as it is written, still too much?
Then we should come up with something else tag-liney that is shorter.

Reviewer 2: I think we can come up with a better slogan than both of those :P 
Maybe we could pick some core tenants, like:

* modular
* 2d
* flutter-based
* something like easy to use/simple? (which is what minimalistic meant there but I agree that it's not the best words)

and build a short, sweet sentence on that format.

thoughts?

Author: That just describes what it is, I think a tag line should be more like the definition of a tag line :smile: :
> a tagline is a short text which serves to clarify a thought for, or is designed with a form of, dramatic effect.

Reviewer 2: I think `serves to clarify a thought` means it should to describe what it is :P 
but I agree that it should be done with flare, spectacle is the part I am bad at hence why I didn't propose anything complete haha
but I think we can use it to include a few core principles we want to highlight

Author: Alright, let's drop the `The`, it actually does read a bit weird now when I read it again, could be read as it was the Flutter team making the engine.
Ideally I'd like it short enough to be able to fit on stickers and clothes, underneath the logo.

Author: Committed Erick's suggestion until we come up with something else. :)

> A Flutter based game engine.

Reviewer 3: `Flutter-based`

Author: Updated, we'd like to change this tagline later, but not enough time today.

---

## Documentation

> The full documentation for Flame can be found on the 
> [docs.flame-engine.org](https://docs.flame-engine.org/).

Reviewer 2: I think either

```suggestion
The full documentation for Flame can be found on 
[docs.flame-engine.org](https://docs.flame-engine.org/).
```

or

```suggestion
The full documentation for Flame can be found on the
[Docs page](https://docs.flame-engine.org/).
```

Author: Fixed, took the first one so that people will see our site more often, and hopefully remember it in the future.

Reviewer 2: agreed, just the `the` was weird

To change the version of the documentation, use the version selector noted with `version:` in the
top of the page.

> Note that the documentation in the main branch of this repo is newer than the latest released

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Note**: The documentation that resides in the main branch is newer than the released documentation on the docs website.
```

version.

Other useful links:
 - [The official Flame site](https://flame-engine.org/).
 - [Examples](https://examples.flame-engine.org/) of most features which can be tried out from your browser.
 - [Tutorials](https://tutorials.flame-engine.org/) - A simple tutorial to get started.
 - [API Reference](https://pub.dev/documentation/flame/latest/) - The generated dartdoc API reference.

## Help

> We have a Flame community and help channel on [Blue Fire's Discord](https://discord.gg/5unKpdQD78).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
There is a Flame community on the [Blue Fire's Discord server](https://discord.gg/5unKpdQD78) where you can ask any of your Flame related questions.
```

Author: You'd have to remove either `the` or the `'s` from Blue Fire

> If you are more comfortable with StackOverflow you can create a question with the

Reviewer 4: Can't do suggestion on multi lines stupid github ;(

```suggestion
If you are more comfortable with StackOverflow you can also create a question there, add the
```

> If you are more comfortable with StackOverflow you can create a question with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are more comfortable with StackOverflow, you can create a question with the
```

> [Flame tag](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/flame) and we'll reply as soon as we can.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[Flame tag](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/flame) so anyone following that tag can help you out.
```

Maybe we shouldnt say that **we** personally will help, anyone can help

## Features

> The goal of Flame is to provide a complete set of out-of-the-way solutions for the common problems

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The goal of the Flame Engine is to provide a complete set of out-of-the-way solutions for common problems
```

Not so sure if we should call it "problems"

> The goal of Flame is to provide a complete set of out-of-the-way solutions for the common problems

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The goal of Flame is to provide a complete set of out-of-the-way solutions for the common problems
```

> every game developed in Flutter will share.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
that any game developed in Flutter could have.
```

> every game developed in Flutter will share.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
games developed in Flutter might share.
```

> Currently Flame provides:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Currently Flame provides the following features:
```

>  - A game loop.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

 - A game loop.
```

 - A component/object system (FCS).
 - Effects and particles.
 - Collision detection.
 - Gesture and input support.
 - Images, animations, sprites and sprite sheets.
 - Other utilities to make development easier.

On top of those features we offer something that we call bridge libraries. Through these libraries

> we offer Flame components and bindings to other packages. Currently we have bridge

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
we can bind to other packages and provide more game-related functionalities that normally are out of the scope of the main engine. Currently we have bridge
```

Maybe give the reason why this exists?

Author: The reason is more complicated than that though. I thought it'd be better just to not go into depth about why on the readme.

Reviewer 4: I disagree, the reason is simple. Integrate with other functionalities. That there is a deeper technical reason is not really relevant for the end-user right?

Author: Check Luan's update, I think that one was pretty good :)

> On top of those features we offer something that we call bridge libraries. Through these libraries
> we offer Flame components and bindings to other packages. Currently we have bridge
> libraries to the following packages:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On top of those features, you can augment Flame with bridge packages. Through these libraries,
you will be able to access Flame components, helpers and bindings to other packages, in order to make integrations seamless. Currently, we have bridge
libraries to the following packages:
```

- [flame_audio](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame/tree/main/packages/flame_audio) for
  [AudioPlayers](https://github.com/bluefireteam/audioplayers): Play multiple audio files simultaneously.
- [flame_bloc](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame/tree/main/packages/flame_bloc) for
  [Bloc](https://github.com/felangel/bloc): A predictable state management library.
- [flame_fire_atlas](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame/tree/main/packages/flame_fire_atlas) for
  [FireAtlas](https://github.com/flame-engine/fire-atlas): Create texture atlases for games.
- [flame_forge2d](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame/tree/main/packages/flame_forge2d) for
  [Forge2D](https://github.com/flame-engine/forge2d): A Box2D physics engine.
- [flame_lint](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame/tree/main/packages/flame_forge2d) -
  Our set of linting (`analysis_options.yaml`) rules.
- [flame_oxygen](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame/tree/main/packages/flame_oxygen) for
  [Oxygen](https://github.com/flame-engine/oxygen): A lightweight Entity Component System (ECS) framework.
- [flame_rive](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame/tree/main/packages/flame_rive) for

>   [Rive](https://rive.app/): Create interactive animations.

Reviewer 2: missed flame_flare!

Author: But do we want people to use that, don't we want them to use Rive?

> Want to sponsor Flame? Check our Patreon on the section below or contact us on Discord.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Want to sponsor Flame? Check our Patreon on the section below, or contact us on Discord.
```

[![Powered by Flame](https://img.shields.io/badge/Powered%20by-%F0%9F%94%A5-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://flame-engine.org)
```

## Contributing

Have you found a bug or have a suggestion of how to enhance Flame? Open an issue and we will take a
look at it as soon as possible.

Do you want to contribute with a PR? PRs are always welcome, just make sure to create it from the
correct branch (main) and follow the [checklist](.github/pull_request_template.md) which will
appear when you open the PR.

> If in doubt, make sure to talk about your contribution to the team, either via an issue or

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you want to talk about your contribution, you can always reach out to the team either via an issue or by using the
```

> If in doubt, make sure to talk about your contribution to the team, either via an issue or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For bigger changes, or if in doubt, make sure to talk about your contribution to the team, either via an issue, github discussion, or
```

> [Discord](https://discord.gg/pxrBmy4).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[Discord server](https://discord.gg/pxrBmy4).
```

## Getting started

A simple tutorial to get started can be found on
[tutorials.flame-engine.org](https://tutorials.flame-engine.org) and examples of most features in
Flame can be found on [examples.flame-engine.org](https://examples.flame-engine.org). To access the

> code for each example, press `< >` in the top right corner.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
code for each example, press the `< >` button in the top right corner.
```

> ### External tutorials

Reviewer 2: how about Highlighted community tutorials

> ### External tutorials

Author: It is too bad that the GitHub markdown doesn't support any include directive, because otherwise the `TUTORIALS.md` file will probably go the same way as our `FAQ.md` file did. And also, it's nice to have the links directly there so that you don't have to click on another link first to go to the links. But if everyone agrees that a separate file is the way to go I'll create that.

- @Devowl's Flutter & Flame series: 

>   - Step 1: Create your game - https://medium.com/flutter-community/flutter-flame-step-1-create-your-game-b3b6ee387d77

Reviewer 2: I would just use markdown links, naked URLs are not the prettiest thing to look at

  - Step 2: Game basics - https://medium.com/flutter-community/flutter-flame-step-2-game-basics-48b4493424f3
  - Step 3: Sprites and inputs - https://blog.devowl.de/flutter-flame-step-3-sprites-and-inputs-7ca9cc7c8b91
  - Step 4: Collisions & Viewport - https://blog.devowl.de/flutter-flame-step-4-collisions-viewport-ff2da048e3a6
  - Step 5: Level generation & camera - https://blog.devowl.de/flutter-flame-step-5-level-generation-camera-62a060a286e3 

- Other tutorials:

>   - Building Games in Flutter with Flame - [Getting Started](https://www.raywenderlich.com/27407121-building-games-in-flutter-with-flame-getting-started)

Reviewer 2: author?

  - @DevKage's YouTube series with the [Dino run tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLiZZKL9HLmWOmQgYxWHuOHOWsUUlhCCOY)

We offer a curated list of Games, Libraries and Articles over at
[awesome-flame](https://github.com/flame-engine/awesome-flame).

> Note that some of the articles might be slightly outdated, but they are still useful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that some of the articles might be slightly outdated, but can still be useful.
```

## Credits

>  - The [Flame Engine team](https://github.com/orgs/flame-engine/people), who are continuously

Reviewer 2: blue fire?
+ our pratrons?
+ our sponsors?
maybe join with sponsor section? or just remove?

Author: I think it is better to have the sponsors sections separate so that they can see that they stand-out if they sponsor us.

Updating to the Blue fire team instead.
